Well juanca family has responded to the
news juanca has responded to the
news of having learned that Rocio
Carrasco would be thinking of suing him
And the truth is that I was surprised by
juanca's response I
was surprised by juanca's response
the truth is that he did
not take it well that they want to
sue him I have to see the video on
Joe's Twitter of Joe because he deleted
the video I mean he gave him a talent
and then because of the deletion okay things
things that happen no
or Carmen point to manliness come back yesterday I
ate in Huelva uh yesterday on the way
back to Seville I stopped at my
favorite pizzeria I love the hurricane in
truth I love the Hurricanes it
's My perdition is My perdition
very strong juanca's response very
strong I
mean let's see it's more or less at the level of
what I expected but [ __ ] it's
gone a little far and now I'm going to
get serious marinita if this information
is true that would be a great exclusive
for you I
mean she's referring to the fact that Rocio
Carrasco would have seen her  headlines
we're talking about that Rocío Carrasco
would have seen her headlines and Juanca says
that this information is a lie
using the following logic Wait
what am I going to put I'm
going to put something in the meantime here
okay using the following logic okay
over here you can see some of the I do
n't know if it was this one or I made a mistake
yeah over here you can see some of the
headlines okay over
here you can see some of the
headlines and the thumbnails that she has
made in her videos okay Juanca says
that based on her logic that based
on her logic
that information is a lie Because if it
were true it would be a huge
exclusive
huge huge huge
that Marina instead of giving it on YouTube
would have proven it right okay I mean
imagine where
the reality in which Huanca lives must be right now imagine where
the reality in which Huanca lives must be right now who
thinks that if suddenly one of
the famous people decides to send her okay she
was hooked you know that
simply With this one it's already a lawsuit
just with this eh Just with this thumbnail it
's a lawsuit and the others man well
I see this one as strong  I also
see this one as strong, I mean, and in his
reality, in his reality, he thinks that if
this were true it would be an exclusive and
that Marina would publish it in the newspaper
as if Marina hadn't given
exclusives here on telesaleo, you know, and what, and
what Marina doesn't publish it in La Razón, it's
because it's because it's not true, okay, I mean, it doesn't make
sense, it doesn't make sense that they
sue him and now I'm going to get serious,
Marina, if this information is true, it
would be a huge exclusive for you
because
in your newspaper it's the reason, because it's the
reason you haven't published anything. Why haven't you published it
in La Razón or have you
made it up? Stop manipulating the
audience to try to shut them up, I don't know how
long it's been trying to sink this channel. If
your news is so true, get your
balls in and publish it in your newspaper. Prove that he's
right if what you
said on Javi's Channel is so true, that Javi is not to
blame, it's
your fault for giving information that you have not
verified and you're going to make it up. And if
that's not the case, get your balls in and publish it in
your newspaper.  that no
media publishes the news
the big exclusive of Marina snack Rocío
Carrasco is considering suing Juan who
spoke through terrible glass
publish it in your newspaper eh publish it And
you know why you don't do it because your boss is
going to tell you give me the evidence
Take out the evidence Take out the source and
then I mean
imagine no Take out the evidence damn it's done well
just show him
these thumbnails you know that you just
show this and you take it for granted Carrasco is
going to sue you
know what I'm telling you I mean she forced me she
forced me
if she does give me the evidence but let's see
what evidence she can get out that Rocío
Carrasco is considering sending you you
try you know what to bring down
this youtuber because this would be a
bombshell Rocío Carrasco sues on
YouTube and why the
press stop throwing dirt [ __ ] at
this channel and even one up to your balls
damitas each one of you marinas more to
journalism Javier his channel dedicate yourselves
each one to the channel leave this because in the
end it's me  because the information has
given you life snack is absolutely false
false and I tell you so Marina Aznar
Juanka wants to come out in egos
but my goodness this man is not
qualified to be in the media eh It's that
this let's see I had what you have
this not that anyone can open an
account and can try no Hey what
movie my hair is so-so chi I don't
have and no also Not since I've had my hair
like this since I shaved and more
youthful I don't comb my hair listen to me let's
see I
had what you have that suddenly you
find a lot of valid people no
because [ __ ] you find people that
maybe you wouldn't have found and that wouldn't have had
the possibility or the
opportunity but it also has these
risks not that anyone suddenly
gets a jab more or less at a
known moment no Juanca for example jumped with this
subject
Juanca was dedicated to politics on
YouTube
Juan almost to political videos on
YouTube about boxing from the PP of I don't know what you know
about guys Javier Negro and those things and he saw
that suddenly there were youtubers that
suddenly or rather I already said there are many
youtubers
that they have neither liked the heart nor have been
interested in the heart in their life,
they saw it, they saw the gold mine. They had
already tried with other topics and in this one,
well, they saw that it was the topic that was
in fashion, not to make heart channels and
such, there is one that has eight or nine
channels, man, I mean, in times you freak out, but
apart from that he makes a fortune, what happens is that of course it is
not a no, since he does not show me his
identity, he is a youtuber who invents
identities, he invents names and he invents news, he
invents news on top of that.
But of course this man, once
the documentary issue and the
blue tide issue and family have passed, well, of course he no longer
pulls off and what you have is pissed off
because it does not suit him, you are a
fake, let's see where they are, press, an
exclusive plan, she will ask permission from her house so
that she is not fired from her job because I
am not that much and I know how
people work and more when those of the lie, it
is not that much huanca eh
man, I do not want to show myself, I do not know, we want to
stay, okay,
but we already have that they are going to rain lawsuits
until under the shoe, let
each one take the day that they are going to hallucinate
because already  it's that I'm fed up with
this channel always being the one that
does all the bad things no name no no what the [ __ ]
bad name wanka [ __ ] for God's sake
this is going to be bad
bathrooms
[Music]
[Laughter]
and the worst thing is that the woman has come out to
defend him okay And she said she
said that juanka I mean that I
'm here tarnishing the image of huanca
okay juanca knows how far she can
say and how she can say it
Juan Carlos my channel you know Why the
only one that I follow I comment I speak I write I
like I support and everything no And well then I'm
already tired of listening to some youtubers
there's a youtuber that well I spent a lot of
time I already took him out I spoke to him I put him in his
place he put him in his place here to whom And
again
no I mean writing and making
someone look bad it turns out that this youtuber
that I don't want to mention his name but
well here he is on screen Let's
put him Let's put him Ah that Hey
[Music]
what purpose does he work on a channel
work on a program what is it but I've
only seen it twice
Explain to me why those two times  just
because you appear twice that's not
working What person goes to a program and sits
down twice and is never
seen again, in other words, works when you
work there, I mean, I don't understand if
Marina has gone to the program two or three times like that
in life Well let me see
let me count one
two
and three that
's more times than there are two
benches nowhere
but if you don't work nothing happens
nothing happens life is like that they can hire you
and then they can fire you that girl
starts commenting on this
youtuber's Channel saying that
a lawsuit is going to come to him very soon that they are
preparing Well let's put it like that a
task would be not confirming me but there
letting out not the little thing there letting out there
saying that they would like it already
Close sources that I know, strong ones close
to Fidel and to Rocío Carrasco who would already be
very angry with Juan Carlos they would already be
planning to
send him because all this comes
from a video that Juan Carlos made that
put a headline and being Rocío Parrasco
dies at 46 years old of good for after
her two documentaries or two his  two
series does not die no but of course he was referring
to a media death not media
Of course look if Juan Pablo Who did not
understand it wrong then he would have
set a
limit a long time ago, don't you think but no I mean he knows very
well how far to go the limit he
knows very well how far to go
and that's it I tell him, I suggest him, I
advise him on everything and he is also
aware of everything he could be
doing so they are not going to come to me at
this point at this point in
life
and the other scoundrels please avoid
making him look bad To
the colleagues, okay, avoid
making those criticisms and comments
making Juanca look bad, like
discrediting her channel, like he is
the bad guy in the movie As if by doing
how it looks, making him look bad, no, what he
does, he says all kinds of nonsense and that's why you are going to get
sued, no I mean, he knows very well what he is
doing and he knows the limit that has to be
reached, Juan Carlos knows the limits,
it's that I don't know why people
distrust I mean, do you think that
at some point there has  crossed the
limits wanka because I really
doubt it. I think the kid, let's see, kid
is 45 years old
[Laughs]